Order history revision (#1331)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/order_history/order_history.md

# Order history [[% include 'snippets/commerce_badge.md' %]]

Order history enables you to see an overview and details of your orders or other documents.
You can see documents based on online purchases as well as orders placed e.g. by a telephone call.

Order history is available in the user menu under **Your documents**,

> and through the `/orderhistory` route.

Author: That's a safe assumption, route is a fundamental term in Symfony

To access order history, the User must have the `siso_policy/orderhistory_view` Policy.

> Depending on whether you have an ERP system connected, order history displays documents from ERP,

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on whether your system is connected to ERP, order history displays documents from ERP,
```

or [local documents](order_history_local_orders.md).

> On the detail page you can see the buyer, delivery address, ordered items and other details about the order,
> such as status, delivery and payment information.

Author: ```suggestion
```

![](../img/orderhistory.png)

> Each document has a detail page:

Author: ```suggestion
Each document has a detail page, where you can see the detailed information, such as the buyer, delivery address, ordered items, status, delivery and payment information:
```
